NMS-15666: improve Minion kafka config instructions (#6113)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/minion/message-broker/kafka.adoc

config:update
----

<1> Adjust the IPs or FQDNs and the Kafka port (9092) to match your broker configuration.

If you set more than one Kafka node as `bootstrap.servers` the driver attempts to connect to the first entry.
If that is successful, the whole broker topology will be discovered and will be known by the client.
The other entries are used only if the connection to the first entry fails.

> Any valid Kafka configuration property can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any valid Kafka configuration property.
```

>       An example using SASL/SCRAM with TLS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses SASL/SCRAM with TLS:
```

[source, karaf]
----
config:edit org.opennms.core.ipc.kafka
config:property-set bootstrap.servers my-kafka-ip-1:9096,my-kafka-ip-2:9096
config:property-set security.protocol=SASL_SSL
config:property-set sasl.mechanism SCRAM-SHA-512
config:property-set sasl.jaas.config 'org.apache.kafka.common.security.scram.ScramLoginModule required username="opennms-ipc" password="kafka";'
config:update
----

NOTE: You can configure module-specific values for modules `sink`, `rpc`, and `twin` by replacing PID `org.opennms.core.ipc.kafka` in the `config:edit` command with `org.opennms.core.ipc.sink.kafka`, `org.opennms.core.ipc.rpc.kafka`, and `org.opennms.core.ipc.twin.kafka`, respectively.

>       Module-specific config takes precedence over common config specified in config for PID `org.opennms.core.ipc.kafka`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module-specific configuration takes precedence over common configuration specified in config for PID `org.opennms.core.ipc.kafka`.
```
I'm not clear what "specified in config for PID" means. Should it be in "config:edit" command?

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure how to phrase this. PID stands for Persistent Identity; it's a term from the OSGi bundle configuration standard, meaning the config file for a specific OSGi bundle. It's a useful shortcut for the handful of users like me who know what it is, but probably not great for a general audience. I'll rework it to remove that reference.

Exit the Karaf shell with kbd:[Ctrl+d]

> By default, the minion will use a topic prefix of `OpenNMS`. If you chose to use a different prefix in core, for instance, to use a single Apache Kafka cluster with multiple {page-component-title} instances, change the topic prefix by setting the `org.opennms.instance.id` system property in `$MINION_HOME/etc/custom.system.properties`, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Minion will use a topic prefix of `OpenNMS`.
If you chose to use a different prefix in core (for instance, to use a single Apache Kafka cluster with multiple {page-component-title} instances), change the topic prefix by setting the `org.opennms.instance.id` system property in `$MINION_HOME/etc/custom.system.properties`:
```

[source, properties]
----
org.opennms.instance.id=MyNMS<1>
----

> <1> Change `MyNMS` to the value used by the core instance of {page-component-title} that this minion should be connected to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Change `MyNMS` to the the core instance of {page-component-title} value that this Minion should connect to.
```

Author: you've got 'the' twice - I'll rework this in this spirit though.

Reviewer: Thanks. ARGH! I need to proofread my proofreading. :-)
